You will be the first ones
to ever lay eyes upon
me in this next state...
[Frieza roars]
Yraaaah!
[Narrator]
Last Dragon Ball Z Kai...
Frieza revealed his
second transformation,
raising his already immense
power to shocking new heights.
Suddenly Piccolo found
himself on the defensive,
and it quickly became obvious
that the Namekian's hopes
for victory had been misplaced.
Stop it!
Gohan! Damn...
Do you honestly think
you can help them?!
You have to attack me
with all the power you have!
Hear me? Don't hold back!
[Narrator]
The struggle continues--now!
♪ Opening Song ♪
[battle cry]
[Frieza grunts]
You're through,
you big bully!
[Gohan yells]
Aaaahhh!
[Frieza laughs]
[Frieza struggles]
[Gohan yells]
Aaaaaaaaaaaahhh!!
[Frieza growls]
Grrrrrrr...
[Frieza struggles]
Grrrrraaaaaaaahh!!
Whoa... Gohan!
[Dende yells]
Aaaahhh!
You're not gonna
hurt anyone else!
[Frieza struggles]
Yrraaaahhh!
[Gohan struggles]
Aaaaaahhhnngg...!
[Frieza struggles]
Hrrr...rrrr...
[Krillin] Yeah!
Stick it to 'em, Gohan!
[Frieza struggles]
Grrrrrrr...
Aaaahhh...!
[Frieza shouts]
Yaaahhhh!!
Aaah!
[Piccolo grunts]
Hrrrrahhh!
Oh, whoa... Close one...
Thanks, Piccolo...
[Piccolo pants]
Sure, kid...
Peculiar. That little
runt's power level
has taken a rather
sizeable jump.
Somehow, recovering from
that thrashing I gave him
seems to actually have
made him stronger...
Wait! Of course!
He must be a Saiyan child!
But how? Who is he?
I made sure that the Saiyan
race was all but extinct...
Vegeta, Nappa, and Raditz
were the only three
that I allowed to remain.
So then... who's "daddy"?
[Frieza] Hmm...
He doesn't much take
after Vegeta or Nappa...
So I guess that leaves Raditz!
I suppose there is a vague
resemblance there...
He may have deflected that
attack, Gohan... but...
it's obvious you've
gotten stronger...
I'm proud of you, kid.
But I don't know if there's
anything else I can do...
I mean, I put everything
I had into that blast,
and it didn't even faze him!
[Vegeta] Tch! You!
Do I have to spell it out?!
Every time a Saiyan recovers
from a near fatal injury,
his power increases!
We can use this to
our advantage!
Now, before Frieza has time
to perform his last
transformation!
I need you to blast me!
Don't think about it,
just do it!
It won't work if the
injury is self-inflicted.
--Get it?! It has to be you!
--[Krillin] B-B-But I can't...
You're so much
stronger than me...
I doubt I'd even scratch you!
Don't worry about that...
I'll lower my defenses
to the minimum,
so even one of
your puny attacks
should do plenty of damage...
And then with the Namekian
brat's healing powers,
I'll be restored
to full strength
in a matter of seconds.
As much as I'd like
smashing your face in...
It wouldn't be right.
[Vegeta groans]
Tch...
B'sides... we just
have to hold out
a few more minutes before
Goku's recovered...
And what can he do?!
He's a low-class scum,
he's reached his peak!
This just won't do.
I think it's time
to wipe these Saiyans
out once and for all...
Not that I ever put
much stock in those
ridiculous "Super Saiyan"
legends they bandy about...
but... I have always
believed it is better
to err on the side of caution.
And their little power
ups are worrying me...
[Frieza laughs]
Eh, heh, heh...
Very well... It would be a
relatively simple matter
for me to obliterate you
all in my current form...
but rather than do that...
It will be far more satisfying
to leave you with
one final vision more
terrifying than death...
I don't much like
the sound of that.
Consider this my
parting gift to you!
A nightmare beyond even
the horrors of Hell!
Witness... My true,
ultimate form!
[Krillin shudders]
Uhhuhhuhh...
[Frieza groans]
Uhhh... graaahhh...
Ah... ah...
[Frieza groans]
Aaaaaahhhhh...
[Frieza roars]
Uuuaaaaahhhh!!
There's still time, but you
have to act now! Do it!
[Krillin thinking]
Oh, man...
[Frieza growls]
Ahhhhh...
[Krillin shouts]
Damn!!
If that's what you
want, then fine!
No! That's not good enough!
You have to hit me
with your full power!
Come on! Prove that you're
not completely worthless!
[Krillin shouts]
Nngggaaaahhh!
That's more like it...
A-At last... now I
will truly become...
a Super Saiyan...
Huh? What happened?
Why did Krillin attack Vegeta?
[Frieza roars]
Aaaahhhhh!!
Gohan! You... have
to get out of here!
Yeah... Right!
[Frieza snarls]
Rrrr, rrrrrr...
I've got you, Piccolo.
Are you okay?
I-I have to say
I've been better...
[Frieza roars]
Ggrrraaaahh!!
[Frieza laughs]
Ahahahaha...!
[Piccolo grunts in pain]
I know! We'll get you fixed up
good as new in no time!
There's another Namekian
here, named Dende--
he has healing powers!
'Kay? just hold on
while I get him.
[Krillin] How's Piccolo?
We need to find Dende,
quickly. Where is he?
[Dende stammers]
[Vegeta] W-What?
What do you mean you...
you can't heal me?
[Dende] J-Just what I said!
You were able to
heal the others...
so why can't you heal me?
After what you did--
so many of my brothers
murdered by your hands--
you don't deserve my help!
Why, you ignorant
little brat...
unless you heal me,
quickly...
Frieza will kill us all!
I won't do it!
[Frieza roars]
Rrrraaaaahhhh!!
You... have to... Now...
I... I won't...
last much longer...
But I... I...
I can't!
There are others who need me!
[Vegeta] Damn you!
[Vegeta groans]
Gah... ahh...
You brat...
[Krillin] Anytime a
Saiyan like Vegeta
nearly gets killed,
when he recovers,
his power goes way up!
You know about that, right?
[Gohan] Sure. Yeah.
[Krillin] Well, that's
why Vegeta asked me
to blast him half to hell...
He thought it would
give him enough
power to beat Frieza.
[Gohan] So do you
think it'll work?
[Krillin] Dende!
[Gohan] Where's he going?
Vegeta!
[Frieza roars]
Aaahhhh!
It's you...
They say... that you have...
the power to heal...
Is... Is that true?
[Dende] Yes!
[Frieza roars]
Rrrraaaahhh!
[Piccolo groans]
[Krillin] Dende...
[Frieza thinks] So that's it.
That's how these pests
keep coming back!
[Piccolo] That's amazing.
Do all Namekians
have this ability?
No... Only some can heal,
just like only some are
warriors like you and Nail.
Never mind, Dende.
Listen, Vegeta's in
bad shape over there,
and he needs your help.
I know he's not the
greatest guy in the world,
but we can't win without him...
That man, he's...
just like Frieza!
How many of my brothers
did he kill in cold blood?!
[Piccolo] Do it for me.
I can handle Vegeta
when the time comes.
But Frieza... there's no
way I can beat him alone.
[Frieza roars]
Rrrrraaaaahh!!
Great... Is that
what I think it is?
Frieza's completed
his transformation.
[Krillin] Damn it...
why didn't we just
mask our power levels
and hide somewhere
when we had the chance?
It wouldn't do any good...
Frieza won't waste
time searching;
he'll just blow up
the whole planet!
What's stopping him?
Without the Dragon Balls,
he has no use for this world!
That power!
It's enormous!
I can't even get my
head around it...
Any ideas? Guys?
'Cause we're about
to get creamed...
Please... Dende... Hurry...
It's... It's up to you
to heal Vegeta...
Thanks, Dende...
He's coming into view.
Get ready.
You little wretch!
Consider yourself lucky
that I didn't incinerate you.
So, this is
Frieza's full power.
At last, we finally see what
we're really up against.
Ha! Not that it matters
in the slightest.
I have become a Super Saiyan!
I am second to no one!
[Piccolo gasps]
[Krillin shudders]
Uh... Huh...
Wait... am I
missin' somethin'?
That's the big change?
I was thinkin' he was gonna
come out all scary-looking...
He's kinda' scrawny now...
[Piccolo]
Idiot. You know full well
that an opponent's power
has nothing to do
with their outward
appearance...
Frieza's previous forms were
tame compared to this...
Yeah, but...
Ahh! It's hopeless!
After all of my training,
and everything you
went through to collect
the Dragon Balls
and wish me back...
it was all for nothing!
[Gohan shudders]
I'm sorry, Gohan...
I won't be able to save you
this time. Not from him.
But Piccolo...
[Goku]
Gah... I don't
believe this...
Frieza's power just
skyrocketed again.
Damn, this is bad...
[all shudder]
[Piccolo gasps]
"Bang."
[Krillin shudders]
Ahhh...
[Piccolo grunts]
Mmph... hnhhh...
[Gohan shudders]
Aaahhhh...
[Vegeta gasps]
Ah--aahhh...
[Dende screams]
Ahhh!
[all gasp]
[all shudder]
What...? Why him?
No... Dende!
[Piccolo]
I didn't even see him fire!
It was an instant!
No time to react!
What in the hell has he become?!
That should speed things up...
One less pest to
deal with... right?
[Frieza chuckles]
[Gohan shudders]
No... Dende...
[Frieza chuckles]
[Goku]
Someone just went down...
Who? Who was it?
Damn it! I'm sick of this!
I need to know what's
going on out there!
[Frieza chuckles]
Dende... Why him?
He wasn't even fighting!
[Piccolo]
But we were!
Damn it... Frieza
must've realized
he'd have a tough time
finishing all of us off
while we had Dende
here to heal us.
That made him
the prime target...
[Gohan]
He's gonna pay!
What? He's gone!
[all shudder]
[Vegeta]
Those fools!
Where... Where'd he go?
[Frieza]
Right behind you.
[all shudder]
[Frieza chuckles]
He's so fast...
[Frieza]
I promised you, didn't I?
That I'd show you a nightmare
beyond the horrors of Hell?
Of course, I had hoped
to include all of you...
But from the looks of things,
it seems the little one
won't be joining us.
Such a shame, don't you think?
[Gohan shudders and growls]
When you see him
in the next world,
I suppose you'll have to
tell him what he missed.
[Gohan yells]
Haaaaaaa!!
Yaaaaaah!!
Come on, you damn freak!
[Piccolo grunts]
Hrrrrrnnhhh...
[Piccolo yells]
Grraaaahh!
[all shudder]
[Vegeta shudders]
Take this!
Hmm.
Hey! Where you goin'?!
[Krillin yells]
Hyaaaaah!!
[Gohan yells]
Haaaaaa!!
Did you hit him?!
[Krillin]
He disappeared again.
Great... but where is he now?
[Vegeta]
You morons! He's behind you!
What?!
[Frieza chuckles]
Hello again.
[Narrator]
With but a flick of his finger,
Frieza has unleashed another
burst of deadly power,
and Gohan stands
directly in its path!
Does any hope remain,
now that Frieza
has revealed his true form?
The nightmare continues--
next Dragon Ball Z Kai!
♪ Closing Song ♪
[Goku]
Hey! It's me, Goku!
Wow. Just how many
times is this Frieza guy
going to power up?
I'm not sure any of us
can compete with
him as it is...
[Vegeta]
I am a Saiyan elite!
I will be the one
to defeat Frieza!
That worthless Kakarot
can stay out of it!
[Goku] Next time,
on Dragon Ball Z Kai:
[Vegeta] I am...
I am a Super Saiyan...